[DOCS] Document new securitySolution:defaultThreatIndex advanced setting (#993)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/advanced-setting.asciidoc

collectors to ship data to {es}, the data must be mapped to ECS.
<<siem-field-reference>> lists ECS fields used in {es-sec}.

[discrete]
[[update-threat-intel-indices]]
== Update default Elastic Security threat intelligence indices

The `securitySolution:defaultThreatIndex` advanced setting allows users to specify one or more threat intelligence indices from which {elastic-sec} will collect threat match data. It controls features that query threat indices, such as the Threat Intelligence view on the Overview page, and uses the `filebeat-*`` index by default.

> Users can enable cross cluster search by adding threat indices from remote clusters. {filebeat} indices are supported. Non-{filebeat} indices require ECS-compliant threat field mappings to ensure threat matching works.

Reviewer: > { filebeat } indices are supported.

This statement is potentially misleading; it could lead users to believe that any filebeat data will work as a threat index, which is _technically_ true but probably not what they want. I would either clarify that 

> { filebeat } indices containing threatintel module data are supported.

However, the sentence's location implies that this has to do with CCS, but it does not. Maybe we just need a few sentences describing the expected data format:

> Data in these indices is expected to contain { threat indicator } ECS fields, and to be otherwise ECS compatible. We recommend using the { filebeat threatintel } modules to generate this data, but you may also roll your own.

> Users can enable cross cluster search by adding threat indices from remote clusters. {filebeat} indices are supported. Non-{filebeat} indices require ECS-compliant threat field mappings to ensure threat matching works.

Author: I think this should be hyphenated too, but haven't seen it written that way in other Elastic docs, so figured it'd be best to follow suit and leave it un-hyphenated.

> Users can enable cross cluster search by adding threat indices from remote clusters. {filebeat} indices are supported. Non-{filebeat} indices require ECS-compliant threat field mappings to ensure threat matching works.

Reviewer 2: It looks like it's hyphenated in the Elasticsearch docs, though I don't know how widely it's used outside of this page:
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/modules-cross-cluster-search.html

> Users can enable cross cluster search by adding threat indices from remote clusters. {filebeat} indices are supported. Non-{filebeat} indices require ECS-compliant threat field mappings to ensure threat matching works.

Author: Leaving a comment here to track the final decision -
Decided to mirror the more common, public use of this term. Added the hyphen, changed the uppercase letters to lowercase, and removed the acronym.

collectors to ship data to {es}, the data must be mapped to ECS.
<<siem-field-reference>> lists ECS fields used in {es-sec}.

[discrete]
[[update-threat-intel-indices]]
== Update default Elastic Security threat intelligence indices

> The `securitySolution:defaultThreatIndex` advanced setting defines threat intelligence indices that {elastic-sec} will use when collecting threat match data. The setting controls features that query threat indices, such as the Threat Intelligence view on the Overview page and threat indicator match rules. One or more threat intelligence indices can be defined; the `filebeat-*` index is specified by default.

Reviewer 3: we could consider saying `collecting indicators` instead of `collect threat match data`, as the matching happens at a later stage

collectors to ship data to {es}, the data must be mapped to ECS.
<<siem-field-reference>> lists ECS fields used in {es-sec}.

[discrete]
[[update-threat-intel-indices]]
== Update default Elastic Security threat intelligence indices

The `securitySolution:defaultThreatIndex` advanced setting defines threat intelligence indices that {elastic-sec} will use when collecting threat match data. One or more threat intelligence indices can be defined; the `filebeat-*` index is specified by default.

> The `securitySolution:defaultThreatIndex` setting controls features that query threat indices, such as the Threat Intelligence view on the Overview page and threat indicator match rules. You can enable Cross Cluster Search (CSS) by adding threat indices from remote clusters.

Reviewer: This is very similar to the above paragraph; I think these need to be consolidated into one.

> NOTE: Indicator match rules typically run more queries than other rule types, which may affect rule performance.

Reviewer: I don't think this note applies here; it should go under the Support section for IM rules: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/detection-engine-overview.html#support-indicator-rules

Author: Removed for now. Will add to the [Limited support for indicator match rules](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/7.12/detection-engine-overview.html#support-indicator-rules) section once a decision is made to update/not update info about indicator match rule performance.

> IMPORTANT: Threat intelligence indices aren't required to be ECS compatible when used in an indicator match rule. However, we recommend compatibility if you'd like for your alerts to be supplemented with relevant threat indicator information. By default, indicator match rules are configured to ingest indicators from the Threat Intel {filebeat} module and to check for fields prefixed with `threatintel.indicator`. This rule setting is stored in the *Indicator prefix override* field, under indicator match rule advanced settings. If your indicator data contains indicator fields at a different location, update this field accordingly to ensure alert enrichment can still be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Threat intelligence indices aren't required to be ECS compatible when used in an indicator match rule. However, we recommend compatibility if you'd like for your alerts to be enriched with relevant threat indicator information. By default, indicator match rules are configured to ingest indicators from the Threat Intel {filebeat} module and to check for fields prefixed with `threatintel.indicator`. This rule setting is stored in the *Indicator prefix override* field, under indicator match rule advanced settings. If your indicator data contains indicator fields at a different location, update this field accordingly to ensure proper alert enrichment.
```

I would use the verb "enrichment" here instead of "supplemented" as enrichment has a very specific meaning here. It might also be worth linking to the ECS docs here: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/ecs-threat.html#field-threat-indicator-confidence
